[Music]
do you know what a night nanny is they
take care of the baby at night so mom
and dad can get some sleep I don't want
a stranger in my house it's like a
Lifetime movie we're the nanny tries to
kill the family and the mom it survives
and she has to walk with a cane at the
end
get over yourself mom what's wrong with
your body
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm telly I'm here to take care of you
I'm just not used to people doing things
for me
I hold a baby all day and then nighttime
rolls around and I'm supposed to just
switch gears like hello I'm all sexy now
you're empty yeah
no you're empty on this side your 20's
are great but then your thirties come
around the corner like a garbage truck
at 5:00 a.m.
girls you know you know we might look
like we're all better but if you look
close we're covered in concealer
[Music]
you're convinced that your this failure
but you actually means your biggest
dream come true
if you want to run off for something now
get that cuz I want to do that too
sometimes I'm not gonna I'm here to help
you with everything and can't fix the
parts without treating the whole yeah no
one's treated my Oh in a really long
time
[Music]